US Secretary of State Anthony blinkin
has arrived in Israel after a stop in
Saudi Arabia he is on a regional
diplomatic tour that began on Thursday
and included visits to Qatar Jordan and
the United Arab Emirates blinkin will
meet with a member of Israel's war
cabinet on Tuesday to discuss the war on
Gaza his visit comes as Israeli forces
continue near nightly raids in the
occupied West Bank three Palestinians
were killed and one wounded man was
detained by Israeli forces in the city
of Tulare Palestinian factions have
declared a general strike in THM on
Tuesday in
morning Israeli forces have also raided
the city of cilia there have been near
daily incursions across the occupied
West Bank by the Israeli military 340
Palestinians have been killed since
October
7th ham salut is joining us live from
occupied East Jerusalem and disturbing
footage from the latest raid in tar
hamda is it continuing
that raid that started nearly five hours
ago inim continuing in the city's
refugee camp now it started when Israeli
Special Forces undercover went into
tarim to say they said to arrest a
wanted Palestinian fighter but there is
quite disturbing video that emerged from
that raid three Palestinian men shot at
a very close range their bodies laying
bleeding in the streets and then in the
video you can see an Israeli military
vehicle run over one of those dead
bodies in the streets it stops for a
mere moment and then continues to run
him over we do know that a fourth man
was shot in the leg and subsequently
arrested by the Israeli military all of
this comes as there was a drone strike
in tarim this evening several
Palestinians reportedly injured several
ambulances rushing to the scene there
and in fact the Israeli milit AR had
stopped one of the ambulances and
detained a Palestinian that was injured
inside he has since been released and is
being treated at one of the local
hospitals again just a continuation of
these nightly incursions into the
occupied West Bank the population in
tarim is now used to these types of
military raids every single night in
fact we have seen just in the last few
days a raid on the new toems refugee
camp that lasted around 2 days military
in equipment and vehicles tearing up
streets destroying infrastructure
destroying water lines leading up to the
refugee camp and in the refugee camp
itself since October 7th 340
Palestinians have been killed and 60 of
them in tarim
alone all right H the meanwhile Anthony
blinkin has arrived in Israel as Israeli
air strikes kill more than
249 palestin Ians in Gaza just in the
past 24 hours despite Israel saying it's
shifting to what it calls a lower
intensity phase of the war so do we know
what's on the US agenda with this
[Music]
visit there's going to be a lot on the
agenda for the US Secretary of State the
Americans remember have been pressuring
the Israelis for quite some time to
transition into a lower intensity type
of fighting because of the high civilian
casualties we have been seeing you're
talking about an overall death toll of
more than 23,000 Palestinians who have
been killed in the last three months
almost 60,000 people injured 8,000
missing not to mention the nearly 2
million who have been displaced and
forced to flee all of that is going to
be on the agenda as well as the
humanitarian situation the Americans
have also said that not enough
humanitarian Aid is going into Gaza but
blinkin also wants to talk about
prospects for peace in the in the future
what could lasting peace for Israel look
like all while helping the Palestinian
people and their plight and that perhaps
that could be a pathway to a Palestinian
State all of this comes though as he
does still want answers about what the
Israelis are hoping to do what they call
the day after Hamas the day after the
war ends but again the Israelis
themselves do not have a consensus on
what that looks like Israel's defense
minister released an initial framework
but it's no an indication that that's
actually going to be what happens since
it hasn't even been discussed within the
security and War cabinets the Israelis
have said that they've transitioned to
this lesser intensity type of fighting
now focusing on Central and Southern
Gaza saying that they have reached full
operational control in Northern Gaza but
again what they're saying and the
reality on the ground time and time
again have proven to be two completely
different things ham thank you very much
for that that's hamda salud live and
occupied East Jerusalem